---
assets:
- contentType: audio/mpeg
  filename: inside_35.mp3
  format: mp3
- contentType: audio/ogg
  filename: inside_35.ogg
  format: ogg
date: "2014-04-23"
description: It took over a decade to assemble Brash Flair. Performers Kristen Johnston
  and Joshua Wentz  met in high school, remained friends through college, but were
  both quickly occupied with their solo careers. In 2013, their paths intersected
  once again, and the time was right. The band came alive, and everyone soon learned
  what perfection sounds like.
draft: false
duration: "1:34:00"
explicit: false
layout: episode
number: 35
show: inside-the-machine
title: Brash Flair
---
It took over a decade to assemble [Brash Flair](http://brashflair.com). Performers Kristen Johnston and Joshua Wentz met in high school, and remained friends through college. However, both were quickly occupied with their solo careers, and their unique paths didn't intersect again for years. Kristen joined Chicago's Redmoon Theater, where she became an internationally recognized opera vocalist. Meanwhile, Joshua founded [Sidedown Audio](http://sidedownaudio.com), performed with [Absinthe and the Dirty Floors](http://thedirtyfloors.com), and released more than a dozen records.

But this season didn't last forever. *Absinthe* dissolved, leaving a gulf of free time, and the heaps of solo work weighed on both of them. In the past, Joshua consistently mailed mixtapes to Kristen, who carefully considered each one, peering through a window to see his unique take on art and pop culture. It was this closeness, this revolutionary friendship and respect that formed the foundation of Brash Flair.

In 2013, these friends reconvened in Joshua's studio and created *Sound Waves*, their debut EP. Soon thereafter, Sidedown issued a remix EP, and now, in 2014, *Two* graces our ears.

For Brash Flair, time is a friend. Listen, and discover the perfection that I've had the privilege to experience. Crafting artful, honest music takes time &mdash; and for Joshua and Kristen, it's worth the wait.