+++
date = "2014-10-29"
description = "Natalie Chami is a talented purveyor of emotionally loaded improvised music. Under the moniker TALSounds, she's carved out a niche in the ambient and drone scenes, with melodies slip into your mind and stay there. Hear the full story behind her work today on Inside the Machine."
draft = false
duration = "1:26:24"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 54
show = "inside-the-machine"
title = "TALSounds"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_54.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "inside_54.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
When a classically trained choral singer creates ambient music, what is the result? Today, we introduce Natalie Chami, the talented creator behind [TALSounds](http://talsounds.com). In just a few short years, Natalie has gained a reputation for creating music with incredible emotional value, in a genre that normally is, at least for me, sterile and devoid of any human connection.

After exiting college in 2009, she possessed a degree allowing her to teach music skills, but wasn't creating art for herself. But that would soon change. Her collaborations with friends, including the found-sound act *leternebre* garnered praise from friends and critics alike, but this group didn't last. After the departure of her creative partner, she decided to go solo &mdash; and the TALSounds project was born.

Hear the story behind her development and evolution as an artist today on Inside the Machine.