+++
date = "2015-05-26"
description = "The life of musician and businessman Chas Castell is an excellent study in persistence, honesty, and how to choose the right priorities. His debut release, \"Take a Breath,\" is currently on rotation here at The Machine. Today, we take a close look at the making of this record, and Chas' life story leading up to it."
draft = false
duration = "1:30:39"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 73
show = "inside-the-machine"
title = "Chas Castell"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_73.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "inside_73.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
The life of musician and businessman [Chas Castell](http://chascastell.com) is an excellent study in persistence, honesty, and how to choose the right priorities. 

Born in the Wickham Bishops, United Kingdom, Chas wanted nothing more than to visit, and hopefully live in the U.S. His parents raised him with the classic British music, Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, and others. But when the Britpop invasion hit, bands like Oasis, Stone Roses, and Blur soon took the front seat. Music became his anchor throughout the frustrating teen years.

Before long, Chas found himself in art college overseas. After realizing that there were college courses focused on art &mdash; and studying film extensively &mdash; it was time to relocate, now to the center of our American motion picture industry, Los Angeles.

His debut release, *Take a Breath*, is just over a month old. We have it on heavy rotation here at The Machine, and enjoy every minute of his classic rock 'n' roll attitude. Today, we present an opportunity to look back at making of this record, and Chas' life story leading up to it.