+++
date = "2014-01-21"
description = "In this interview from the archives, Nicholas speaks to singer and songwriter Derek Nicoletto. Recorded in the weeks before his solo debut, this conversation provides great insight into his artistic process."
draft = false
duration = "1:02:30"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 27
show = "inside-the-machine"
title = "Derek Nicoletto"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_27.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "inside_27.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
In 2011, I had a unique opportunity to speak with several talented artists: [Derek Nicoletto](http://dereknicoletto.com) was one of them. As the former frontman for indie-rock powerhouse Telling on Trixie, Derek knows how the music business works (or doesn't).

Recorded in the weeks prior to his solo debut, this conversation provides deep insight into his artistic process. With the benefit of hindsight, we now know that Kind Ghosts, his debut, was hugely successful. Of course, when we originally taped this, we hoped it would be, but had no solid proof.

In this program, Derek is cautiously hopeful and optimistic. His demeanor is one career musicians know often: releasing new work is simultaneously scary and exciting. They hope listeners will enjoy the new work, but cannot know. Derek was in this space.

This show also represents a unique period in time for The Machine. Our broadcasting network was little more than an idea, lacking bandwidth, funding, and infrastructure. We still don't have all of those things in abundance today, but we've grown.

Please enjoy this program for what it is. A unique snapshot in time, shared for all to hear.