+++
date = "2014-07-03"
description = "Sometimes, the greatest works of art take years to complete, but they're also often the most rewarding. This is certainly the case with Dustin Jensen's solo debut, Context. Hear this inspiring record, and the story behind it, on today's episode of Inside the Machine."
draft = false
duration = "1:29:34"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 45
show = "inside-the-machine"
title = "Coppertunes"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "inside_45.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_45.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_45.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

+++
The best works of art often take years to complete. First, you work on the initial concept &mdash; and many revisions, missteps, and reconsiderations later, the project is finished. 

Steve Jobs was once quoted as saying "real artists ship," but releasing your art into a chaotic (and at times, uncaring) world is a difficult proposition. Often, the best albums, paintings, photographs, and pieces of software remain hidden away from the general public, and it's a shame. But nevertheless, the struggle is palpable.

Today, I bring you one artist who took years to craft his solo debut, and the result is worth waiting for.

Dustin Jensen (a.k.a. [Coppertunes](http://coppertunes.com)) has crafted a record of staggering depth and honesty. In fact, calling it only an album is almost disingenuous: it's a movement, a worldview, a mission. Every lyric on *Context* begs the listener to sit up and take note, to embrace the world around them, to see beauty in complexity, and if opportunities arise, give back to the greater human community.

While I cannot begin to fully explain what this album means to me during our broadcast today, we tried to cover the high points. Start your own journey into *Context*: press play now.