+++
date = "2015-03-31"
description = "Of all the band biographies we've read, the one written about today's guest stands out. \"If I had a time machine and went back 2000 years to give Mary and Joseph 20 hits of acid, they would have become this act.\" That should be enough of an introduction to Voodoo Boogaloo, one of the hippest bands you've never heard... until now."
draft = false
duration = "1:33:24"
explicit = true
layout = "episode"
number = 65
show = "inside-the-machine"
title = "Voodoo Boogaloo"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_65.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "inside_65.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
Of all the band biographies we've read, the one written about today's guest stands out. "If I had a time machine and went back 2000 years to give Mary and Joseph 20 hits of acid, they would have become this act." That should be enough of an introduction to [Voodoo Boogaloo](http://facebook.com/fillingupyourcup), one of the hippest bands you've never heard... until now.

Formed in early 2013 by Logan Woodyard and Stephanie Cardona, this Texas duo has been dancing across the country sharing their unique blend of downtempo electronic music with the masses. Last fall, the band [stopped by The Machine studios](/programs/dispatch//64) to share moments from their first tour. Now, they're back to chat about their career thus far.

Stephanie and Logan are clawing their way to the top rather quickly. In the last few months, they've inked a deal with Chicago label [Impossible Colors](http://impossiblecolors.org/paperportals) that will pair their music with custom designed postcards and booked a slot at the [Maverick Music Festival](http://www.maverickmusicfestival.com/). Listen to this interview, and keep a close eye on these two because they will go far.