+++
date = "2015-04-14"
description = "Today on Inside the Machine, you'll hear from friend of the network, multi-instrumentalist, painter, and songwriter Randi Russo. Even though she embarked on her musical journey later than most, a late start didn't slow her down. With four albums to her name and numerous projects on the way, she's determined to keep digging until striking gold."
draft = false
duration = "1:43:24"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 67
show = "inside-the-machine"
title = "Randi Russo"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_67.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "inside_67.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
It doesn't matter when you begin, only that you start. For some of our guests, their musical journey began during their pre-teen years. Others came to music as an artform well into adulthood. This week's guest, [Randi Russo](http://randirusso.com), is somewhere in between. After witnessing her first potent rock show at age nineteen, she set out to pursue a life filled with honest lyrics and driving melodies. Four albums, three cities, and several years later, she is a staple in our music library and a major actor in Chicago's growing independent arts scene.

In this hour and a half conversation, we cover her origins as a visual artist, the initial journey into music (and out again), what it means to absorb a life altering medical diagnosis, and much more.

To staff here at The Machine, Randi is a pillar in our community and avid supporter of independent arts organizations (like us). She is [recognized and respected](https://programs/dispatch//3) for helping anyone who lifts others up, and we're grateful to know her. If you're a creative in need of encouragement, or you just want to know more about Randi, press play now.

