+++
date = "2015-04-19"
description = "Known for his rambunctious on stage antics and rock 'n' roll ethics, Archie Powell is quite a character. Off stage, his personality is a bit more mellow. This Chicago showman shares a unique camaraderie with his bandmates, friends, and fans. He is a true gentleman, who continues to inspire many in the Windy City music scene. Today we spend just over an hour walking though his work thus far. "
draft = false
duration = "1:22:44"
explicit = true
layout = "episode"
number = 70
show = "inside-the-machine"
title = "Archie Powell & The Exports"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_70.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "inside_70.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
Known for his rambunctious on stage antics and rock 'n' roll ethics, [Archie Powell](http://archiepowell.com) is quite a character. But everything isn't drinking, cigarettes, and debauchery: off stage, his personality is a bit more mellow. This Chicago showman shares a unique camaraderie with his bandmates, friends, and fans. He is a true gentleman, who continues to inspire many in the Windy City music scene.

A multi-instrumentalist since his single digit years, Archie's first instrument was cello. Thanks to a less-than-stellar teacher, he left it for the bass, which he also abandoned as a main instrument later on because "Kurt Cobain didn't play bass." Throughout his teen years, Archie would keep polishing his abilities, which eventually led to a short-lived band with an excellent name, The Box Social. "We've been pretty lucky with band names, I've found," Archie admits. "You know what the key is? The letter X. People like the letter X."

His musical path eventually turned to a dirtier path, full of distortion and cathartic lyrics. In 2009, he finally hit on success with The Exports and their debut, *[Loose Change](http://archiepowell.bandcamp.com/album/loose-change-ep)*.

Today on Inside the Machine, we explore life off and on the stage, what it's like performing with his friends, how he makes his best work, and more.