+++
date = "2014-08-25"
description = "Local restaurants abound in our lovely Chicago neighborhood. One of them, Dolce Casa Cafe, is a favorite of your hosts. Walk past the cafe at almost any time, and you'll see residents relaxing, enjoying unique fare, and sipping on coffee. Like ours, most communities will embrace a new eatery, and yet a large percentage of them fail. In this episode, Nicholas and Joshua are joined by Ross Outten to discuss the real-world implications of running a successful restaurant."
draft = false
duration = "59:11"
explicit = true
layout = "episode"
number = 59
show = "dispatch"
title = "Dolce Casa Cafe"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "dispatch_59.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "dispatch_59.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
Like ours, most communities will embrace a new eatery. And yet, so many new ventures, but especially restaurants, fail. Not a day passes where your hosts walk down the street and notice bare storefronts that once housed thriving businesses. In a matter of months, ideas and projects that once excited the creator can grow, fall prey to difficult circumstances, and wither away.

It's a bitter taste of realism for dreamers, who eventually learn to see their project in the harsh light of day. Thankfully, there is a marked difference between the successes and failures: knowledge, tenacity, and agility all play roles in the dance. By absorbing, then harnessing these skills, talented entrepreneurs are able to expand and support their businesses for years to come.

Ross Outten is one such person. His restaurant, [Dolce Casa Cafe](http://dolcecasachicago.com), is a favorite of your hosts. If you walk by at any time of day, you'll see residents enjoying a tasty cup of locally roasted coffee, or indulging with one of Ross' mouthwatering dishes. Stepping inside Dolce Casa, you'll experience a world of flavors that have been crafted by the Chef, designed to both delight the senses and satisfy your hunger. It's a world apart from other eateries on our block, and definitely worth a visit when you're in Chicago.

On this episode, Joshua and Nicholas are joined in-studio by Ross, who discusses the real-world implications of managing a successful restaurant.