+++
date = "2014-12-11"
description = "All too often, we're driven by our work. And when unexpected life events creep in and disrupt our otherwise organized workflow, it can rattle the best of us. In this episode, we explore what happens when those worlds collide, and how to reassemble the resulting broken pieces."
draft = false
duration = "1:03:09"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 75
show = "dispatch"
title = "Work/Life"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "dispatch_75.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "dispatch_75.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
All too often, we're driven by our work. And when unexpected life events creep in and disrupt our otherwise organized workflow, it can rattle the best of us. In this episode, we explore what happens when those worlds collide, and how to reassemble the resulting broken pieces.

Joining your hosts today is Christina Dennaoui, the artist behind electronic music project Volutes, and former guest on [Inside the Machine](http://nicholaswyoung.com/programs/inside-the-machine/40). Together, we share moments in our lives when being alive gets messy.

If you like this program, please consider [donating](http://nicholaswyoung.com/donate), and help us stay on the air. Dispatch doesn't happen without your support. And, if you have big plans for 2015 &mdash; whether it's a piece of work you're releasing, or just something you will be excited to purchase &mdash; let us know! Your new year related feedback is welcome (and encouraged) at 1 (844) 4-MACHINE.