+++
date = "2015-01-15"
description = "The world of theatre is complex. Beyond stepping onstage in an effort to portray a complex persona, working actors struggle with a dizzying array of business concerns. We cover a few of them in today's episode of Dispatch."
draft = false
duration = "1:03:00"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 79
show = "dispatch"
title = "On Stage"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "dispatch_79.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "dispatch_79.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
The world of theatre is a complex one, and as a working actor, you're faced with challenges on many fronts. Outside of stepping onstage to portray a complex persona in a believable manner, there are business, career, and financial concerns &mdash; much like those that pester anyone in a creative field.

Today in the studio, your hosts are joined by working actor and friend of the show, [Chris Lysy](http://chrislysy.com), to discuss the trials of working actors everywhere, but specifically in the city of Chicago. On the table: is equity something you should strive for, or a hindrance to any future roles you might desire to accept? How does proper dramatic education play into your success? And, do artists (of all disciplines) really need a "fallback plan"?

Chris has worked in many shows as a member of [Commedia Beauregard](http://cbtheatre.org), including *A Klingon Christmas Carol*. His work spans everything from local companies to the famous [Lyric Opera](http://www.lyricopera.org). We ask Chris about moving up in the Chicago theatre scene, and more.