+++
date = "2015-06-18"
description = "In episode 15 of Gender Inbetween, Sydney Germaine describes growing up in a supportive home. It was great, according to them, but even the most supportive environment couldn't shelter them from the impending gender disphoria."
draft = false
layout = "episode"
number = 15
show = "gender-inbetween"
title = "Sydney Germaine"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_15.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_15.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
In episode 15 of Gender Inbetween, Sydney Germaine describes growing up in a supportive home. It was great, according to them, but even the most supportive environment couldn't shelter them from the impending gender disphoria.

"I have fallen along many letters of the LGBTQIABCDEFG spectrum, but primarily, 't': trans. And [as for] my preferred pronouns, I've used all of them. Right now, I'm using they &mdash; mostly &mdash; but even that gets disphoric sometimes. I'm still trying to hunt for the right one."

"I first realized that something was up when I was three years old. I was in daycare, and we had naptime. We'd all have to lie down and pretend to sleep for thirty minutes... and I never did. It was right around the time my mother was pregnant with my younger brother. We learned, and I was like 'oh, there are different things. Everyone doesn't just have my parts... what's going on with that?'"

"For the record, I was assigned female at birth. I was like 'I'm not supposed to have those things on my chest, when I grow up. I'm not supposed to be that way.' I figured that I must be the other way."