---
assets:
  - contentType: audio/mpeg
    filename: dispatch_15.mp3
    format: mp3
    length: 65430975
date: '2013-10-14'
description: >-
  Insects and two-wheeled transportation are our core topics today. In this
  episode, Joshua and Nicholas are joined by Jana Kinsman, a prominent Chicago
  designer, founder of Bike-a-Bee, and lover of vintage bicycles.
draft: false
duration: '01:04:04'
explicit: false
layout: episode
number: 15
show: dispatch
title: Bees and Bicycles
---
Insects, two-wheeled transportation methods, and business savvy are our core topics on this episode of Dispatch. Joshua and Nicholas are joined in-studio by [Jana Kinsman](http://www.janakinsman.com), a prominent Chicago graphic artist, and founder of the revolutionary beekeeping program and honey distributor, Bike-a-Bee. (She also designed a kickass logo for this network, but that's not why she's here.)

In 2012, Kinsman took her rebellious idea for urban beekeeping to the people, and the project was quickly funded on Kickstarter. Though her first harvest was slim, she continued and this year, collected a bumper crop of delicious honey.

In this episode, Jana details her struggle with Bike-a-Bee's bookkeeping and other business elements. Bridging the gap between an artistic pursuit and the financial components that a growing business requires can be difficult for some, but she tackles it with ease thanks to her intern, Abby.

### Guests

**Jana Kinsman**

Jana Kinsman is a graphic designer, beekeeper, and illustrator living in Chicago. Her work has been featured by _Crate and Barrel_, and is 1/5 of _Quite Strong_, a prominent female design collective.

Outside of her work with Bike-a-Bee and Quite Strong, you'll find her at various events with [_Doodlebooth_](http://doodlebooth.me), a mobile, hand-drawn portraiture service.