---
assets:
- contentType: audio/mpeg
  filename: dispatch_58.mp3
  format: mp3
- contentType: audio/ogg
  filename: dispatch_58.ogg
  format: ogg
date: "2014-08-18"
description: It's easy to relax into your creative flow, and create without hesitation.
  But it's also relatively simple to fall into the pool of mediocrity, and avoid anything
  that makes you uncomfortable. Comfort, as we know, is the enemy of progress, and
  raw creativity. Today on the program, Joshua and Nicholas discuss the upcoming week,
  and several things that will force us to step outside our safe space. Is the risk
  worth it? Listen to find out.
draft: false
duration: "1:00:14"
explicit: false
layout: episode
number: 58
show: dispatch
title: Don't Get Comfortable
---
Neither of your hosts are comfortable, and nor should they be. Comfort, as we know, is the enemy of progress. Only those who are willing to sacrifice it will achieve greatness in the creative arts.

This week on Dispatch, we present a round-up of events to come: Nicholas is recording two podcasts on the same day, each in a different genre. [Show Me Your Mic](http://goodstuff.fm/smym/46) is a program where podcasters discuss the principals and practices behind their work. On episode 46, host [Chris Enns](http://twitter.com/iChris) is joined by Nicholas to discuss [The Machine Network](http://nicholaswyoung.com) and more. The second taping is for [Making New Friends](http://peachesandhotsauce.com/category/podcasts/making-new-friends), an improv comedy extravaganza hosted by Patrick O'Rourke. This is where our discomfort begins: we're anything but comedians.

Is persistent discomfort what all artists ask for? In a way, yes. If you're to become a true artist, or at least a successful one, you must think outside the box. If the purpose of your art is to inspire and educate, the nobleness of your goal demands it.

Plus, we dive behind the scenes and chat about some of the technical hurdles we've had to overcome, as our audience grows. If you're listening to this, we owe you the best quality programming possible. Know that we're always striving for gold, though it's sometimes difficult to achieve.

Are you ready to improve your life and work? Then press play.