+++
date = "2015-09-09"
description = "Mars and Andy join Ashly to talk about high school band woes, wild tours, \"mansplaining\", and the difference between sultry and soulful. Plus, a heated discussion covering Kalliope Jones, the teenage girl band that wasn't \"sultry\" enough."
draft = false
duration = "47:02"
explicit = true
layout = "episode"
number = 11
show = "chick-habit"
title = "Mr. Ma'am"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "chickhabit_11.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "chickhabit_11.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
Maybe you already know, but Chicago has a diverse musical past. Even though this show chronicles a vast array of experiences from musicians in the current scene, there is always space for new perspectives and conversations. This is what Chick Habit is about, and perhaps, the show has taught you something new. Hopefully, this program's reach isn't limited to the local scene. As you'll hear later, it's needed elsewhere.

Today, Ashly is joined by two talented artists &mdash; Mars and Andy, &mdash; collectively known as [Mr. Ma'am](https://mrmaam.bandcamp.com). In this episode, they cover high school band woes, wild tours, and the ever-present experience of "mansplaining". Plus, a heated discussion covering [Kalliope Jones](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100004849365292), the teenage girl band [who was critiqued for not being "sultry" enough](http://jezebel.com/teenage-girl-band-isnt-sultry-enough-to-win-battle-of-t-1729608866).

Hear all that and more this week on the show. Tune in and turn it up.
