+++
date = "2014-10-09"
description = "On the table today: quitting. Is it unequivocally bad? As children, we were taught never to quit, or falter in our convictions, especially when pursuing a path laid out by our parents. But as we age, the circumstances surrounding this once controversial action have increased in complexity. We discuss when to quit, why you might want to, and the potential upsides."
draft = false
duration = "1:01:55"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 66
show = "dispatch"
title = "When to Quit"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "dispatch_66.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "dispatch_66.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
When do you quit? That's the topic of today's discussion. As children, we were taught to never quit, especially when pursuing a course of action laid out by our parents. But is quitting always bad? What if you quit that job with the abusive boss, or leave the career that had grown stale to allow time for more fulfilling work?

Of course, the next question is when to quit. We can toss around high-minded creative ideals, but when reality interjects &mdash; what will become of your life? Growing up, we heard this phrase often: "quitters never win, and winners never quit." Is it true, or a oversimplified explanation of real-world problems?

We discuss this, and more, today on Dispatch. As always, if you have questions, give us a ring: 1-844-4MACHINE. We'll take your voicemail and answer any questions on the air.