+++
date = "2013-08-18"
description = "All creators will fail sometime during their career. If you haven't yet, wait. The test of a successful artist is how they continue after a shortcoming. Today, Joshua and Nicholas dive into their personal failures, hoping that you learn and avoid their mistakes."
draft = false
duration = "58:11"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 7
show = "dispatch"
title = "Lessons From Our Past"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "dispatch_7.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "dispatch_7.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
All creators will fail sometime during their career. If you haven't yet, wait. The test of a successful artist is how they continue after a shortcoming. Did their inner turmoil and frustration destroy their work, or were they able to bounce back to near perfection?

In this very personal episode, Joshua and Nicholas dive into their personal failures, hoping that you learn and avoid their mistakes. Your hosts, with a broad range of experience &mdash; from running a record label, executing design work for clients, and building your dream project &mdash; have a decently long record of failures, too.

## Headlines

[EDM's $46 Million Man: How Calvin Harris Became The World's Highest-Paid DJ](http://www.forbes.com/sites/ryanmac/2013/08/14/edms-46-million-man-how-calvin-harris-became-the-worlds-highest-paid-dj) [Forbes]

[On Curating A Cure: The Impact Of Music Programming On Subscription Music](http://www.hypebot.com/hypebot/2013/08/curating-a-cure-the-impact-of-music-programming-on-the-success-of-the-subscription-music-model.html) [Hypebot]