+++
date = "2015-04-02"
description = "Do you remember the iconic consumer audio brand, Aiwa? Most 90's kids recall lusting over the next great boombox with big speakers and modern industrial styling. Often, these big beat blasters were manufactured by Aiwa. Today, we chat with the innovators who are resurrecting the company and bringing a great product to market: the Exos-9."
draft = false
duration = "1:00:31"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 90
show = "dispatch"
title = "Aiwa Is Alive"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "dispatch_90.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "dispatch_90.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
Do you remember the iconic consumer audio brand, Aiwa? Most 90's kids recall lusting over the next great boombox with big speakers and modern industrial styling. Often, these big beat blasters were manufactured by [Aiwa](http://aiwa.us.com).

In 2002, after Aiwa was purchased by Sony, the brand slowly began to die. In 2006, Sony ceased production of Aiwa-labeled products. Fast forward to today: Aiwa is back, and better than ever. In this hour, we chat with the innovators who are resurrecting the company and bringing a great product to market: the Exos-9 powered speaker.

But don't take our word for it: [listen to our in-studio test of the Exos-9](https://soundcloud.com/machinefm/aiwa-exos-9-listening-test) and let your ears decide. If you decide to buy one, you can pick it up at a [$30 discount](http://aiwa.refr.cc/C37K9X3) just by being a listener of The Machine.