+++
date = "2015-06-18"
description = "In episode 13 of Gender Inbetween, Marten Katze discusses what happens when traditionally \"liberal\" communities raise children. Hint: even the politically progressive Oak Park area tends to strongly enforce gender roles."
draft = false
layout = "episode"
number = 13
show = "gender-inbetween"
title = "Marten Katze"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_13.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_13.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
What happens when traditionally "liberal" communities raise children? Hint: even the most progressive among them, like Oak Park, Illinois, tend to strongly enforce gender roles.

Marten Katze discusses growing up in a world divided between moments of support and frustration, and how one parent (at least) was their support system.

"I'd like to give some props to my mother, because she didn't pigeonhole me, and try to force me to be very feminine. I had all sorts of different kinds of toys: I was never really into dolls, and she was fine with that. Actually, every single year, for Christmas and my birthday, there would be relatives who gave me Barbie dolls, and baby dolls, and tea sets... and that was really frustrating for me. I didn't like those things. I didn't hate them, but I didn't like them. They weren't what I wanted to play with."

"Nobody around me seemed to listen to that, except for my mom. My mom understood. Afterwards, we would just give all those things to Salvation Army, and I could go back to playing with my dinosaurs, and my Pokemon..."