+++
date = "2015-06-18"
description = "Anna Bongiavanni is a multidisciplinary artist, focusing primarily on comics. Today on episode 17 of Gender Inbetween, they recount their story, beginning with a desire to fit on the binary, and later, how they became comfortable with their identity as genderqueer."
draft = false
layout = "episode"
number = 17
show = "gender-inbetween"
title = "Anna Bongiavanni"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_17.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_17.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
Anna Bongiavanni is a multidisciplinary artist, focusing primarily on comics. Today on episode 17 of Gender Inbetween, they recount their story, beginning with a desire to fit on the binary, and later, how they became comfortable with their identity as genderqueer.

"I was born in Alaska, [in] a medium sized town: Fairbanks. I was there until two years into my college education, where I was majoring in elementary education, despite not talking to children... Eventually, [I] transferred down to Minneapolis, so I could major in comic art, at [MCAD](http://mcad.edu)."

"I think everyone else knew something was going on before I did: my parents knew I was queer, and I think they also had an inclination that I was genderqueer, while I didn't. I feel like, for a long time, I was actively fighting against being queer in any way, in sexuality or gender. I really wanted to fit on that binary... I wanted to fit as a woman, or girl."

"It wasn't until after I graduated from MCAD that I learned more about my sexuality... learned that genderqueer was a thing, and just reading about it, it felt so right. It felt so solid, that eventually I switched pronouns, thought about transitioning... I went back and forth on what that might mean for me. It's reflected in the comics and the art that I draw, is this process of figuring myself out. I use comics as a tool to help me decide these things for myself.