+++
date = "2015-08-17"
description = "In episode twenty-six of Gender Inbetween, Kriss' is joined by NYC photographer, podcaster and multimedia creative Aaron Tsuru. Aaron shares a tale of evolution, growth, and becoming more than you might think you are."
draft = false
layout = "episode"
number = 26
show = "gender-inbetween"
title = "Aaron Tsuru"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_26.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_26.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
In episode twenty-six of Gender Inbetween, Kriss' is joined by NYC photographer, [podcaster](http://anecdotalpodcast.tumblr.com) and multimedia creative [Aaron Tsuru](http://tsurufoto.com). Aaron shares a tale of evolution, growth, and becoming more than you might think you are.

"I don't have a lot of memories of my childhood really. I know I played a lot with Legos, I know [that] I hung out in the backyard with my friends. There were some woods behind our house, and we used to go play in the woods with our friends, but beyond that, a lot of my memories of my childhood are really centered around my life at school. Oddly enough, that's where most of my memories were."

"My childhood wasn't awesome: [my] parents split up when I was about five. My father was a &mdash; I like to call him a 'post-apocalyptic Christian'. Back then, he was more just a Baptist &mdash; and my mom was this wonderful agnostic person, who's always been very loving and very supportive. I would move back and forth between them, probably like twenty-five times before I moved out on my own when I was eighteen."

"My life is always just like in a constant flux &mdash; in dealing with different ... personalities and different levels of acceptance. I just didn't know anything: you know, I was just some kid, who was just getting through. Who knew they were weird, who knew that they didn't belong in a lot of places. I was just doing my life."