+++
date = "2015-04-22"
description = "On this inaugural episode of Chick Habit, I'm joined by Shannon Candy and Nikita Word, frontwomen of the Chicago rock outfit, Strawberry Jacuzzi. Over the last few years, they've grown as a band, beginning as a small side project to gracing the front page of Pitchfork. We cover their triumphs, frustrations, and experiences in the Chicago music scene, what it's like to go on tour for the first time, and much more."
draft = false
duration = "56:11"
explicit = true
layout = "episode"
number = 1
show = "chick-habit"
title = "Out in the World"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "chickhabit_1.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "chickhabit_1.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
After much teasing, our first show is finally here. In the coming weeks, expect to hear diverse perspectives from our slate of guests, but this is where everything begins.

On this inaugural episode of Chick Habit, I'm joined by Shannon Candy and Nikita Word, frontwomen of the Chicago rock outfit, [Strawberry Jacuzzi](https://www.facebook.com/StrawberryJacuzziBand). Over the last few years, they've grown as a band, beginning as a small side project to gracing the front page of Pitchfork. We cover their triumphs, frustrations, and experiences in the Chicago music scene, what it's like to go on tour for the first time, and much more.

Don't forget that you can be a part of Chick Habit, too. Get in touch on [Twitter](http://twitter.com/MachineFM), [Facebook](http://facebook.com/MachineFM), or via phone at 1 (844) 4-MACHINE. Share your comments or questions. We're ready to listen, and maybe, we'll even answer your question on the air.