---
date: '2013-09-24'
description: >-
  I thought the band was defunct; you might have too, but No More Kings is alive
  and well. Pete and Neil, the band's backbone, continue to rock. In this hour,
  history, geek culture, and a world premier of their track, New James Bond.
duration: '01:20:01'
explicit: false
number: 13
title: No More Kings
media:
  assets:
    - contentType: audio/mpeg
      filename: inside_13.mp3
      format: mp3
      length: 81326996
---
> "I heard the devil whisper in my hear. He made his message clear: sweep the leg, Johnny, sweep the leg."

Geek-rock heroes [No More Kings](http://nomorekings.com) rose to prominence with their runaway hit single *Sweep the Leg*, a clever retelling of The Karate Kid's final fight scene &mdash; but in this story, Johnny is the star, entangled in his sensei's twisted logic.

Since the 1990's, No More Kings has been building a base of dedicated fans around the world. In 2007, their career reached a fever pitch, as the act signed with indie label Astonish Entertainment. Astonish released their debut album as a full-band, opening the door for their first nationwide tour.

Sadly, this success was short-lived. Under the promotional stress of their first great success, Astonish began to crack. In this hour, Pete tells how the band was reconstructed, literally from the ground up, for a second time. Now, version 3.0 (or as Pete refers to this new incarnation, Mach 3) is prepared to rock, as they ready a new batch of tracks that tackle new ground, and soothe the ears of existing fans.

Make sure to listen all the way through, for our world premier of their track 'New James Bond'. We're breaking new ground yet again: are you ready? Inside the Machine starts now.

## Featured Tracks

"Enter The Dragon" (from the forthcoming record, *1973*)

"Someday" (from *No More Kings*)

"Leroy and Me" (from *...And The Flying Boombox*)

"New James Bond" (Unreleased)
