---
assets:
  - contentType: audio/mpeg
    filename: inside_41.mp3
    format: mp3
    length: 88018606
date: '2014-06-04'
description: >-
  From the asphalt kingdom, to the quiet countryside of upstate New York, Lore
  City is always on the move; leaving etherial, potent soundscapes in their
  wake. Hear their entire story, and preview their new album Kill Your Dreams,
  today on Inside the Machine.
draft: false
duration: '1:25:30'
explicit: false
layout: episode
number: 41
show: inside-the-machine
title: Lore City
---
Strictly adhering to convention is boring. Without wandering, inspiration is difficult to find: it remains an elusive foe, escaping you at every turn. If you're out to discover wonderful, perspective-altering pieces of art, you must step off the beaten path. And, as you well know, this is our normal mode of operation. Today, it pays off once again.

In this episode, Nicholas is joined by Laura and Eric, collectively known as [Lore City](http://lorecitymusic.com). The band started on the streets of NYC, where the bandmates joined forces and rented a rehearsal space. At first, their work was little more than wild experimentation, and provided an opportunity to hang out. But as living costs rose, these resilient creators sought solace outside the asphalt jungle, and relocated to upstate New York, where it quickly became clear that this isn't just fun anymore.

From their home studio, they crafted a groundbreaking debut, *Absence and Time*. Drenched in reverb and driven by cathartic beats, it's a force to be reckoned with. But that was only the beginning.

However, frustration struck again, and they were forced to relocate: this time landing in Chicago, where the local music scene was waiting to embrace them. Fueled by their newfound support, the couple quickly began work on their follow-up, *Kill Your Dreams*. It's the band's finest work yet, subtly revising their signature style of art-rock-infused dream pop. I'll put it this way: do not miss this record. It will open carefully unlock your heart, and expose you to land of sound unlike anything you could imagine.

Are you ready? Press play and we'll go Inside the Machine together.