---
assets:
  - contentType: audio/mpeg
    filename: dispatch_60.mp3
    format: mp3
    length: 54019072
date: '2014-09-01'
description: >-
  As old models of supporting artists' work have slowly died off, which ones
  remain? Hint: there are plenty of ways to earn a living from your work, but
  none are for the faint of heart. In this episode, your hosts are joined by
  graphic designer and painter Brad Blackman to discuss head-on why artists are
  afraid of business, and how they can learn to conquer their fears. 
draft: false
duration: '1:01:50'
explicit: false
layout: episode
number: 60
show: dispatch
title: Tribes
---
Every artist has their fans, even if they don't know about them. In this disconnected world, artists must recognize their audience and tend it, just like marketing professionals have done for years. If you doubt, consider this: the patron model, which once financed creative work though funds procured by kings and church officials, is dead. A few patrons have been replaced by a thousand. Kickstarter is alive. Your life as a creator is different now.

But even as old models of supporting your art die, millions of new (some would say improved) opportunities are being birthed. You can benefit from them,  if you're ready. The question is, are you?

Today, Joshua and Nicholas are joined by graphic designer and painter [Brad Blackman](http://bradblackman.com), who made a unique point in his recent blog entry, *[Tribes](http://bradblackman.com/tribes)*. The term, popularized by author and business coach Seth Godin is well known among business professionals. It conjures visions of a captive audience who is ready to receive and publicize your work. Building and maintaining your Tribe is another story: it's hard work, and not for the faint of heart. 

In this episode, how you can harness your in-person and online presence to grow your financials, influence, and more. Don't be afraid of that "b" word anymore. Learn how to do business right. 