---
assets:
  - contentType: audio/mpeg
    filename: inside_52.mp3
    format: mp3
    length: 139557493
date: '2014-09-10'
description: >-
  It may seem hard to believe, but today's episode marks the one year
  anniversary of Inside the Machine. That's right: fifty-two episodes, fifty-one
  of which feature the best names in independent music. In this year one
  retrospective, join us as we explore the best quotations and advice from past
  guests.
draft: false
duration: '2:06:46'
explicit: true
layout: episode
number: 52
show: inside-the-machine
title: 'Greatest Hits: Year One'
---
It's difficult to believe, but one year ago, I sat down in front of a microphone, mixer, and computer to interview my friend [Aaron Zimmer](/programs/inside-the-machine/1). Shortly thereafter, I spoke with [Anji Bee](/programs/inside-the-machine/2), hostess of the [Chillcast](http://anjibee.com) (and all-star vocalist behind [Lovespirals](http://lovespirals.com)). Soon, the show had a dedicated following, and we were off like a starting gun.

Listeners from all around the world were invited to peek behind the curtain, as we slowly revealed portions of the music business that were previously unseen. Times since then have changed: The Machine has grown, as has this show. Both started out with micro-sized fan bases, and have grown together. Anji eventually moved her program to The Machine Network, and I'm sure her move fueled this show's growth even more. And with few exceptions, we've plugged away: showcasing one exceptional band after the next.

Today, we look back on that history. 52 weeks worth of conversations, entertainment, and insight. You'll hear from Anji Bee, [Matt Wertz](/programs/inside-the-machine/8), [Project Film](/programs/inside-the-machine/29), [He Who Never](/programs/inside-the-machine/31), [Lykanthea](/programs/inside-the-machine/32), [City States](/programs/inside-the-machine/33), [Savage Sister](/programs/inside-the-machine/38), [Will Farina](/programs/inside-the-machine/43), [Jacob Thomas Jr.](/programs/inside-the-machine/47), and [Tall Walker](/programs/inside-the-machine/49). Each act has a unique flair and talents, and commented on the struggles they face as artists. Treat this episode as a "listener's guide", where the best moments of year one are presented for your enjoyment. Then, dig into the archive to hear each show, in-full, for yourself.