+++
date = "2013-11-26"
description = "Eric Urycki leads the Kent, Ohio-based four piece band, The Speedbumps. Their history is fraught with lineup changes, and cancelled albums. It's been a rough few years, but their soulful, honest sound remains unchanged. In this episode, we discuss Eric's musical heritage, and their forthcoming album, The Harbors We Seek."
draft = false
duration = "01:32:45"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 22
show = "inside-the-machine"
title = "The Speedbumps"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_22.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "inside_22.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
"It's a super rewarding feeling, making records that people listen to, and it affects them... Even if it drives an emotion that they don't like, at least it's driving an emotion," a bold statement from Eric Urycki, leader of [*The Speedbumps*](http://www.thespeedbumps.com).

Hailing from Kent, Ohio, this four-piece group set out several years ago to prove the emotional value of music. Four records and one Independent Music Awards win later, they've accomplished their goal.

The new album, *The Harbors We Seek*, recorded in a remote Pennsylvania cabin, is their most soulful effort yet. It effortlessly blends folk, jazz, and American roots music, weaving a sonic tapestry unlike anything on the charts.

In this hour-plus interview, Eric joins Nicholas via Skype to discuss his musical heritage, from the beginning until present day. You'll learn about the band's formation, changes in lineup, and finally, the process behind their forthcoming record.