+++
date = "2014-08-06"
description = "Today on Inside the Machine, we present the dynamic rock trio, Tall Walker. Nick, Chris, and Ben all met in church, and soon, began playing together. It all started with one question, as Chris says, \"hey, do you play music?\" Fast forward until today, and they're burning up the airwaves with their potent, fresh sound."
draft = false
duration = "1:21:21"
explicit = false
layout = "episode"
number = 49
show = "inside-the-machine"
title = "Tall Walker"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "inside_49.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "inside_49.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
Today on Inside the Machine, Nicholas presents the dynamic rock trio, [Tall Walker](http://tallwalkermusic.com). Nick, Chris, and Ben all met in church, and soon, began playing together. It all started with one question, as Chris says, "hey, do you play music?" Fast forward until today, and they're burning up the airwaves with their potent, fresh sound.

Last year saw the release of their debut self-titled EP, and now, they're working on a follow-up full length. Recorded at producer [Stephen Shirk's studio](http://shirkmusic.com) (who also handled the production for their first release), I expect it to be equally powerful. And through a partnership with Nikon, the band's two music videos have garnered a diverse audience of filmmakers and music fans. There's no doubt that this band is poised for explosive growth.

In a world of straight-ahead rock and roll, where crunchy guitars reign supreme, Tall Walker is forging a different paths. On their brand new track, "Dance All Night", synthesizers and danceable electronic drums meet in beautiful harmony, and wrap the vocals in a soft embrace. It's the perfect groove for your nighttime escapades, but also provides energy for the laziest of days.

Their sound is clean, revolutionary, and truthfully, indescribable. Press play to experience their new single and much more.