+++
date = "2015-06-22"
description = "Like many other interviews in this series, Anja's early life was shaped by religious beliefs, which, for the most part, seem to have remained in the background. But even when those beliefs don't define you as a person, they can still affect how you perceive yourself, and the world around you. In episode 20 of Gender Inbetween, you'll learn about how she became the passionate, well-spoken person she is today."
draft = false
layout = "episode"
number = 20
show = "gender-inbetween"
title = "Anja Morell"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_20.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_20.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
Like many other interviews in this series, Anja's early life was shaped by religious beliefs, which, for the most part, seem to have remained in the background. But even when those beliefs don't define you as a person, they can still affect how you perceive yourself, and the world around you. In episode 20 of Gender Inbetween, you'll learn about how she became the passionate, well-spoken person she is today.

"I'm from Minneapolis, or Saint Paul, Minnesota. I was raised in kind of like a liberal, hippy, Christian family; my parents were super radical when I was really young, so that was an awesome way to be a child... even though they had the Christian thing going on. They raised me to kind of be a little bit queer, like they kind of let me and my brother &mdash; I have a brother that's two and a half years older than me &mdash; and that's pretty important to me and my life story."

"They kind of let us do our thing, more for my brother. Like, my mom would bedazzle our clothes, and make clothes for us. She would bedazzle his clothes too, and he was really into it. I guess just not really pushing me into either gender category too much, in terms of toys and things like that."

"So I did hang out with my brother a lot, and kind of, in a lot of ways, just followed his lead. I felt like a boy for a lot of my younger years, but also got really into dolls and all the girly stuff as well. I always felt like I was in between two extremes: I would do super girly stuff and put on princess dresses, and later be playing Power Rangers with my brother and his friends, like bro-ing out super hard. I guess having an older brother made me want to be like him."