+++
date = "2015-06-22"
description = "Chicago performer JC Brooks is well known for his musical talents, especially the classic soul revue project, JC Brooks and the Uptown Sound, but as some might not know, his story goes much deeper than most music is able to explore."
draft = false
layout = "episode"
number = 21
show = "gender-inbetween"
title = "JC Brooks"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_21.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_21.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
Chicago performer JC Brooks is well known for his musical talents, especially the classic soul revue project, [*JC Brooks and the Uptown Sound*](http://jcbrooksandtheuptownsound.com), but as some might not know, his story goes much deeper than most music is able to explore.

Describing himself, he says, "I am queer, I am gay-leaning, I definitely develop more emotional relationships with men... my preferred pronouns are he, 'hey you'..."

"I was born and raised in Jersey, single mom. I was always interested in the arts, mostly theater. I started at a young age, the way elementary school kids do. Then I took classes at Freedom Theater in Philidelphia, when I was a kid, and that was mostly for dance. I did theater, of course, through high school. I was also in a band or two, and I also started doing drag, then went to college."

"I started college as a film major... before their was a digital program out in Pittsburgh. I went to Point Park College; they shopped out all of their film stuff to Pittsburgh Filmmakers' Institute, and it was super expensive to ship all this... Anyway, I switched to my second choice at the time, which was theater. I went on and got my degree there, then moved out here about a year after graduation, and continued to do theater and music... sometimes more one than the other."