+++
date = "2015-06-22"
description = "William Covert is a Chicago-based musician, and half of the dynamic math-rock duo, Space Blood. In this episode of Gender Inbetween, he shares his story, starting with life in a tiny town where archaic gender roles are the norm."
draft = false
layout = "episode"
number = 22
show = "gender-inbetween"
title = "William Covert"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/mpeg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_22.mp3"
  format = "mp3"

[[assets]]
  contentType = "audio/ogg"
  filename = "genderinbetween_22.ogg"
  format = "ogg"

+++
William Covert is a Chicago-based musician, and half of the dynamic math-rock duo, [Space Blood](https://spaceblood.bandcamp.com). In this episode of Gender Inbetween, he shares his story, starting with life in a tiny town where archaic gender roles are the norm.

"I grew up in a real small town in Michigan called New Buffalo. Which is like, To give you some perspective, if you're on I-94, it's literally the first exit into Michigan. You'll miss it in a blink of an eye. It's a really small tourist-trap town... it's one of those places people will say, 'that must be a good place to grow up as a kid...' It wasn't. My high school was 200 kids. The my graduating class was 34 people."

"I got into music at an early age, and I think that helped deal with the monotony of just like growing up in the middle of nowhere. I always knew, from a kid, that I didn't fit in with the other kids I grew up with. When puberty and those things started coming in, then I really knew that I didn't fit in, and couldn't wait to get out of there. So music really helped with that."

"Even when I go back now, it's like it hasn't changed. It's like a movie: [you know] those towns, you go back and it's still 1950..."